[uplifting music]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[logo whooshing]
[bagpipes bellowing]
[upbeat music]
[indistinct chatter]
[metal clanging]
[air whooshing]
[waves crashing]
[gentle music]
["You Go To My Head" by
Chet Baker and Paul Bley
playing]
♪ You go to my head ♪
♪ And you linger
like a haunting refrain ♪
♪ And I find you
spinning 'round ♪
♪ In my brain ♪
♪ Like the bubbles in
a glass of champagne ♪
[engine roaring]
♪ You go to my head ♪
♪ Like a sip of
sparkling burgundy brew ♪
♪ And I find the
very mention of you ♪
♪ Like the kicker
in a julep or two ♪
[engine roaring]
♪ The thrill of the thought ♪
♪ That you might give
a thought to my plea ♪
♪ Cast a spell over me ♪
♪ Still. I say to myself ♪
Are you ready to play games?
Yes.
[upbeat music]
[singing in foreign language]
[upbeat music continues]
[guests chattering]
Bubbly?
- Lover 650.
- What's that?
Oh.
Fabulous range. yes?
- Yeah.
What do you think. darling?
Let's get a drink and
see what else they have.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Bye.
[guests chattering]
Small. isn't it?
Here you go. ma'am.
One glass of champagne.
Thanks so much.
Anybody else want
something to drink?
Hmm.
Glad you're enjoying it. ma'am.
Allow me. sir.
- Oh. thank you.
- Pleasure.
It's a nice day out.
There's a whole lot of fine jets
and luxury vehicles out here.
Mm-hmm.
You know. these rich folks like
to leave their keys
in the consoles
for anybody to take 'em.
Very interesting.
I didn't know that.
[upbeat music continues]
- [Amy chuckles]
- Then what happens?
Then there's caviar
and champagne.
- [chuckles] Oh. I love this.
- [Amy laughing]
Continue.
Well. then I guess. eventually.
we'll just have to
pack up our things
and head off to our
own private island.
Oh. yes. the one
with the fishing dock.
No. no. darling.
The other one.
The one with the garden.
Oh. the herb garden.
Yes. the herb garden.
- Yes. yes.
- It has strawberries.
Yeah. strawberries.
Why we still here?
- Let's go.
- [man] Mr. Carson.
Oh. Mr. Perez.
It's lovely to
see you in person.
And I just firstly
wanted to thank you
for inviting us.
And also to tell you
that my colleagues
and I are very happy.
Glad to hear it.
- Yes. and this is my--
- Wife.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
Good to meet you.
So you came all this way you're
not checking out the jets?
Oh. well...
The jets are very nice.
but to be candid.
we're here for the. well.
to see the collezione.
The collection.
The car collection.
Oh. You've heard about that. eh?
- Oh. yes. definitely.
- Oh. yes. we have.
Is it possible?
What do you think?
Well. I suppose since you
did come all this way.
- Ah.
- Wonderful.
[upbeat music]
[Perez] Mr. Carson. madame. this
is just a small selection
from my private collection.
- [Mason] Oh.
- [door whooshing]
I find that the most discerning
admirers of private jets
also tend to appreciate
the finest automobiles.
Yes. Oh. look. darling.
a Lamborghini.
[Amy] Aw.
Yeah. this one is
the SVJ prototype.
- Prototype?
- Look!
It's the Mercedes
SLR 722S Roadster.
Mrs. Carson. I'm impressed.
You know your vehicles.
- [Amy chuckling]
- Yes. she does.
Of course. none of
these are for sale.
- Bugatti.
- [Amy] Ooh.
[Mason] Yes.
The Bugatti Veyron.
Take a wild guess.
Well. guess. darling.
Go ahead.
Mmm. more than a million?
[Mason] More than a million.
[chuckles] Close. 2.5.
- Oh. my goodness.
- Ooh.
[chuckles] Well. it's
a lovely collection.
Is it true?
Huh?
You know. about the Pagani?
Oh.
Do you have it?
Let's find out. shall we?
[upbeat music continues]
- Ah.
- [Perez chuckling]
[Amy gasping]
[Perez] This one is priceless.
This Saudi gentleman
offered me 20 million.
- [Mason] Did he really?
- [Amy] Ooh.
[Perez] I didn't
take it. of course.
[Mason] Uh.
Well. can I ask you
a personal question?
Do you ever drive
these amazing machines?
[Perez laughing]
Well. do you?
That would make them
only depreciate in value.
Ah. I see. I see.
[Perez] You know. I start
'em up every now and then
to hear their engine.
[Mason] Ah.
Would you two like to sit in it?
- Could we?
- I adore that.
- [Amy gasping]
- My heart is racing.
- So exciting!
- Okay. yes. you could.
- You wanna. Yes. you wanna.
- Yes!
[Perez] I just can't
believe I'm doing this.
- [Mason chuckling]
- Ah.
- You're very special.
- Uh. do you mind?
- All right.
- Go ahead.
Let's see. Oh.
[Perez] Be careful.
[Mason chuckling]
Wow. yes.
[doors thudding]
[keyboard keys clicking]
Comms out.
Would you mind terribly
if we started the engine
- just to hear it?
- No. I...
Of course.
Just for a second then?
Okay. Yes. thank you.
[engine roaring]
- Wow.
- [Mason laughing]
- Feels good. right?
- Yes. yes.
- Oh.
- [engine revving]
Okay. go ahead.
You can turn it off now.
- Go ahead. turn it off.
- [engine revving]
[Mason] I can't hear you.
I said. you can turn
off the ignition.
- [engine revving]
- I can't hear you.
- Turn. Turn off the ignition.
- [Mason] Hit it. Link.
Lights out.
Starting now.
[upbeat music]
♪ I don't know 'bout
you. but I feel good ♪
[fist thumping]
♪ I don't about you.
but I feel good ♪
- Mr. Carson. can you...
- [engine revving]
Get down on the ground.
Get the fuck down.
Down. now!
Get down.
♪ You stop. you drop.
baby. then roll ♪
♪ You twerk. you
pop. booty so swole ♪
♪ I'd hate me too
if I were you ♪
♪ And when it comes to
business. I say two ♪
[Amy] 10 seconds. guys.
10 seconds.
- We're rolling.
- [engine revving]
♪ I got a pocket full of
hundred-dollar bills ♪
- [engine roaring]
- [tires screeching]
♪ Two shots. I'm running ♪
♪ Two and I'm
stunning tonight ♪
[engine roaring]
Ooh. I just got a feeling.
Which one would you take?
Oh. I'm going for
the Bugatti. easy.
Oh man. that's so 2000.
You motherfuckers. just stay
eating concrete. all right?
Yo. Hector. grab the keys.
♪ Oh yeah. I love
it. all right ♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. I'm
drinking out the bottle ♪
- ♪ Get loose ♪
- ♪ Hanging with supermodels ♪
- ♪ Feel like
I've hit the lotto ♪
♪ I don't know about
you. but I feel good ♪
- [engine revving]
- [upbeat music continues]
♪ I don't know about
you. but I feel good ♪
[Mason] Link.
how are we looking?
Right on schedule.
- Ah! [chuckling]
- [engine roaring]
♪ I don't know about
you. but I feel good ♪
That was fun. huh?
Yeah. putting on The Ritz.
- Yeah.
This is it. babe.
It's over.
No more.
It's just you and me now.
We can go to our island.
Our fishing dock. strawberries.
Yeah.
- You excited?
- Yeah.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Nah. nah.
- Uh. I know that look.
- You've got it wrong. no.
I'm not trying to rain
on any parades here.
but I'm detecting unusual
activity at exit point.
- [anxious music]
- What?
Well. what kind of
unusual activity. Link?
[Link] We got company.
We got a helicopter
and it's unlicensed.
[helicopter blades thumping]
- [uneasy music]
- That's FBI.
That's FBI.
Shit. um...
It's not looking so good.
Multiple vehicles
blocking you there.
- Right.
- Mason.
No. Anton's got this.
Don't worry about it.
I know him.
[tense music]
[sirens wailing]
[helicopter blades thumping]
Mason.
No. Anton will take care
of this. I promise you.
- [anxious music]
- [sirens blaring]
Let's take these boys
for a quick spin. Shawn.
[Shawn chuckling]
[sirens wailing]
[tense music]
- [Shawn chuckling]
- You ready?
Here we go.
[sirens wailing]
- [vehicles crushing]
- [explosion booming]
Whoa!
- [glass shattering]
- [Shawn cheering]
[Shawn] Oh. my God!
[anxious music]
[Officer] Hold position.
Watch this.
[Officer] Go. go. go!
Go. go. go. go. go!
- [tense music]
- [Shawn] Oh. no!
Damn!
- [gun booming]
- [Shawn cheering]
[siren blaring]
How did they know?
How would the fucking FBI know?
- What do you put...
- [gun cocking]
[anxious music]
[mutters indistinctly]
How long?
- Two years?
- Yeah.
- Really?
- Uh-huh.
You could have
busted me any time.
I never had the proper
evidence before.
- Is that right?
- Uh-huh.
- [radio squelching]
- [Link] Mason. are you there?
- Yeah.
- Mason. we're going to plan B?
Don't do it. Mason.
- So everything's just--
- Yeah.
All this time.
[tense music]
[helicopter blades thumping]
[Anton] Man. this helicopter's
all over this bitch.
What's up. Chief?
Wow. you were good.
You were...
What a pro.
I bought it hook.
line. and sinker.
[Link] Mason. are you there?
- It's over.
- All right.
Well. you're gonna have
to pull that trigger.
'cause I'm not leaving my team.
I'm not.
We're doing plan B.
Plan B is on.
Fuck.
We're going to plan B.
Plan B? Plan B. all right.
all right. all right.
- Plan B.
- We gotta go to plan B. bro.
We can't go to fucking plan B.
Damn. this shit was going good.
But we've never
done plan B ever.
Mason. you know.
I'm not a great swimmer.
- [siren wailing]
- [anxious music]
[sirens blaring]
[Anton] You ready?
- [tense music]
- [sirens wailing]
[engine revving]
[both grunting]
[tires screeching]
- [water splashing]
- [both grunting]
Plan B fucking sucks.
[water splashing]
[siren whirring]
[police radio chattering]
[Amy] I'm good.
I'm okay.
[Amy panting]
Thank you.
[Shawn grunting]
Come on. Mason. we gotta go.
Link and Hector.
They'll be here in a minute.
[police chattering]
[engine roaring]
Damn! I knew this whole
thing was fucked up.
I can't believe it.
How do you think I feel?
I bought it.
[gentle music]
♪ Forever and ever.
I love you so ♪
wanna let you know ♪
♪ Just what you mean to
me and all your charms ♪
♪ You've got that magic touch ♪
♪ A magic smile when
you're close by me ♪
Shawn.
What the hell are
you doing here?
You know. I was. uh.
I was in the neighborhood.
[Mason] Oh. yeah?
How you been?
I missed you.
Okay.
You catch anything?
Yeah. some bass
and some snapper.
[birds singing]
What kind of beer
are you drinking?
Now you did not
come all this way
to ask me what kind
of beer I'm drinking.
If you'd check your
messages once in a while.
Well. I'd have to have a
phone to do that. wouldn't I?
Here. hydrate.
[Mason sighing]
Okay. what is it?
Hmm?
Look at you. you're a mess.
Yes. I resemble that remark.
So?
I can't believe you let
a woman do this to you.
She broke you. man.
Your lucky Dad's not
here to see this.
You don't have to
worry about me.
I'm living the life.
Don't you worry.
You're my brother.
Of course. I worry about you.
Okay. so. uh. what is it?
What do you need?
Spit it out.
Hmm?
I might have another
job lined up.
[chuckles] Oh. no.
out of the question.
You gotta get back
in the game. man.
Okay. is it cash?
You know. I have stash.
I'd give it to you.
Just tell me what--
I can't watch you
wither away like this.
We can't let her
get away with this.
It's breaking my heart. okay?
We're the best team
in the business.
We gotta get back in there.
We can't do it without you.
You need to get back to work.
That's what Dad would
say if he was still here.
Dad?
Dad died in an orange jumpsuit.
Old. broken. alone.
No. no. no. no. no.
I'd rather fish.
What about the team?
Anton has a daughter
to put through school.
Link's drowning in crazy debt.
Where you going?
We all knew the risks.
The tide's-- tide's come up.
- [Shawn] Here.
- [phone thudding]
In case you change your mind.
Don't worry. it's untraceable.
[Decker] They never found
the bodies in Miami.
He's out there somewhere.
He means nothing to me.
It was a mistake. okay?
What if I told you we picked up
white chatter in Mason's crew?
You think they're
planning something?
[birds singing]
[telephone ringing]
[Mason groaning]
I told you I'm not interested.
[Link] Oof. you sound rough.
Everything okay?
Link.
Hey.
[clears throat]
What's up?
[Link chuckles] That's cute.
You're a funny guy.
Wait.
Shawn didn't tell you?
Tell me what?
[Link] Oh. shit.
That bad?
[Link] It's get
your-ass-on-a-plane bad.
Oh. God.
[Mason grunting]
[upbeat music]
[Mason groaning]
[Mason sighing]
[upbeat music continues]
[upbeat funk music]
[horn honking]
[upbeat funk music continues]
♪ You're so far away ♪
♪ Like a bright light flashing
through the cloudy skies ♪
♪ I can feel it too ♪
[upbeat funk music continues]
We know each other?
I'm gonna need your finger.
Not that one. your thumb.
I'm waiting for the punch line.
You know that place you manage?
I'm gonna need your
help robbing it.
[laughs] Oh. you
can't be serious.
I am serious.
And so is my crew.
They're inside ready to gun
down everybody in the bank
unless you do exactly as I say.
So either you give me
your thumb or I take it.
[slowly inhales]
[dramatic music]
[indistinct chatter]
Really. Shawn?
You're late.
I thought you'd be here sooner.
Stop looking around. hide
your gun. and who is this?
It's the bank manager.
- Oh. God.
- Don't worry.
It's an easy one.
it's cut and dry.
If it looks cut and dry.
it's not.
Look. I came to you first.
you said no.
What am I supposed to do?
You brought the crew
in here. didn't you?
- Yeah.
- Okay. where are they?
They're inside.
Look. you can still
turn this around.
- I won't say anything. I swear.
- Liar.
Okay. we're probably being
clocked by 14 cameras right now.
Do you have a plan B?
Don't need a plan B when
plan A is this good.
Okay. this is it. this is it.
Okay. This is the plan.
You and Mr. Manager
are gonna wait outside
while I go get the crew.
What?
Just 'cause it's my plan
and not yours. it's bad?
Stop it. It's not debatable.
Stay here.
[suspenseful music]
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music builds]
[suspenseful music continues]
I thought you were
slowing him down.
I tried.
You know how you it gets?
Yeah. and why did you
let it get this far?
First. I didn't let it get
this far. It just happened.
And second. I was waiting
for you to stop it.
Yeah. well. we're gonna 86
this thing right now.
There's no reason
why you and Anton
should go down with
my idiot brother.
[Link] It might be too late.
[suspenseful music]
You should really
listen to your friend.
Trying to stop you from doing
something really stupid.
Yeah. yeah. whatever. bro.
Just use your fucking thumb.
Come on.
[alarm ringing]
Sorry. Forgot about the retinol.
Hands in the air!
- Chill. bro.
- [gunshot fires]
Ah!
- [customers screaming]
- I said hands in the air!
[fist thuds]
[officer grunting]
[gun cocks]
[suspenseful music continues]
[Hector] Fucking drop it.
Get down!
Get on the floor.
[Hector] Zip-tie his ass up.
[suspenseful music continues]
Hector. check the doors.
Nobody comes in or out.
[lock clicks]
[suspenseful music continues]
Link. cameras.
Anton. crowd control.
Come on. let's go. Let's go.
[customer crying]
[suspenseful music continues]
Ah. fuck.
[customer crying]
Go. go. go!
All right. everybody listen up.
Eyes on me.
I ain't come here to play.
and I'm damn sure
ain't bullshitting.
I go by the name of Anton
and that's my dog Hec.
And we the best of the
best at what we do.
Fucking piece of shit.
So if we all cooperate
and act like a team.
this shit will be
over within no time.
Hell. you might even have
a good story to tell.
Ma'am. I need you to sit down.
I can't. I have a bad back.
It's okay. ma'am.
Let me help you.
[suspenseful music continues]
- You know what?
- [pepper spray fizzing]
[suspenseful music continues]
That was uncalled for.
I understand you in a
messed up situation.
but I'ma let it slide.
Miss Lady.
Grandma. sit down.
[suspenseful music subsides]
You pull this bullshit again.
I'll fucking kill you.
Link. where we at?
Going dark in 3. 2. 1.
[intense music]
Move!
Go. go!
What part of it did you
not understand. Shawn?
I told you to
fucking stay outside.
Now what. what are
we looking for?
I'm looking for a
safety deposit box.
[Mason] One. two. how many?
[Shawn] Just one. that's it.
But what's in it?
A wallet.
- A wallet? A wallet.
- A crypto wallet.
I've been telling you
about crypto forever.
Trust me. This is a big one.
How big?
[Shawn] The biggest
one we've ever done.
[intense music continues]
Okay. get in.
[Mr. Caras] Okay.
I'm going. I'm going.
[Shawn] I'm looking for 1140.
[intense music continues]
1140. we're looking for 1140.
Come on. Help us.
I'm looking. I--
This isn't my department.
I don't know.
[keys typing]
Go ahead. go. go!
[intense music continues]
- 1140.
- Okay.
Let's open it.
Come on. come on. guys.
Well. you do have
your keys. don't you?
[Mason] Shawn?
W-- Why would I need
another key?
[Mr. Caras] You need two keys.
mine and the owners.
Okay. Hey. Link. where are you?
Link.
Could you do a bypass on
the safety deposit box?
- It's 1-1-4-0.
- [Link] Working on it.
I thought we weren't
playing games.
I'm. there's not.
you need two keys.
- I can't do anything about it.
- How are we doing?
[Link] Almost there.
[sirens blaring]
[suspenseful music]
[indistinct chatter]
You seem pretty calm about this.
You done this before?
Yeah. a few times.
Four to be exact.
Got any interesting stories?
Not really. same ending.
Same ending?
Jail. A few would-be thieves
were shot to death.
About two years ago.
a guy actually made it
out the front door
before they shot him.
[chuckles]
Now. that was exciting.
[suspenseful music]
[sirens blaring]
[indistinct chatter]
[Officer 1] West side.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Officer 2]
Affirmative! Check it.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Officer 1] Over to the
west side. all the way.
Guys on the front. two men up.
[Officer 3]
Two subjects on the move!
[suspenseful music continues]
Shawn. I gotta ask you.
What. what were you going
to do without a second key?
I brought my drill.
Okay. well that's good. And?
And I-- I learned about
this special Cobalt bit
that drills through anything.
And how did you learn how
to do that. on YouTube?
All your search
history is pretty much
public knowledge these days.
I had it on private mode.
No. there is no
private mode. Shawn.
[sighs] Okay. what
else is in the bag?
My stethoscope. my goggles.
my C4. all my usual gear.
- [suspenseful music]
- [indistinct chatter]
[door clanging]
[indistinct chatter]
Okay. what do you got?
[Link] We got company.
Holy shit.
They're here early.
They're expecting this.
Okay. what else haven't you
told me? Tell me everything.
Did everything by the book.
Well. they wouldn't
be here early
if you did everything
by the book.
Dammit. Shawn.
You wipe that fucking
grin off your face.
What else? Tell me what
else haven't you told me?
[Shawn] I did
everything by the book.
Override code 1140.
- Here we go.
- [safe beeps]
This better be a lot
of fucking crypto.
Trust me. It'll be worth it.
[suspenseful music continues]
[box clanging]
Looks like a little thumb drive.
What the fuck?
Is this the right box?
Fuck!
Fuck. it's supposed to...
Where the fuck is it?
[suspenseful music continues]
[sirens blaring]
[indistinct chatter]
Special Agent Decker. FBI.
This is a local situation.
I didn't request FBI.
I have this handled.
It's a situation
involving criminals
at the top of our
most wanted list.
We didn't even ID anyone yet.
Where you getting this info?
Look. I'm here to help.
- Help?
- Mm-hmm.
In what way?
I'm your negotiator.
Uh. no.
If you wanna look over
my negotiator's shoulder
you're more than welcome.
But I'm in charge here.
I call the shots.
You might wanna check in with
your supervisor about that.
[suspenseful music]
All right. where
are we at. team?
Hey.
Yeah. they just showed up.
Yep.
[indistinct chatter]
[Captain Fabrizio sighs]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[latch clanging]
[suspenseful music continues]
[suspenseful music subsides]
[keys rattle]
I don't understand.
This is the box.
It's supposed to
fucking be here!
[Mason] Calm down.
There-- there's supposed to
be a password and a wallet
- in there worth $600 million.
- Come here. come here.
Come here. Get over here.
I'm gonna ask you
some questions.
This is very important.
How did you find out about
this box. this crypto?
How do you think I found it?
I did my research.
I did everything by the book.
I did everything
that we always do.
Who did this crypto belong to?
Yeah. some lady. some like
crazy. rich socialite lady.
Okay. do you remember her name?
Pharaoh. Pharaoh.
Isabelle Pharaoh.
Now you know
Isabelle Pharaoh. yes?
- No. it doesn't ring a bell.
- Don't fucking lie to me!
[intense music]
Hey. Link. are you listening?
Unfortunately.
Okay. do a background check on--
- what the fuck was her name?
- Isabelle Pharaoh.
Isabelle Pharaoh.
Do the whole gamut.
I just. I don't understand.
It's gotta be in here.
[sighs] Shawn. it's a decoy box.
[intense music continues]
[phone ringing]
- Bank robbers are us.
- [Amy] Hey. Link.
- Amy. is that you?
- Mm-hmm.
[Link] Oh. my God.
it's been forever!
Yeah. I know. right?
How are you?
I've been okay.
How about you. still jogging?
No. I pulled my hip
out a couple weeks back
doing some fieldwork.
Ugh. hate when that happens.
On point for this one?
Sure am.
It just doesn't seem like Mason.
[indistinct chatter]
Shawn?
Can I talk to Mason?
[Link] Sure. no problem.
One sec.
[phone beeps]
[Link exhales]
- Uh. Chief?
- [Mason] Yeah?
I got the negotiator
on the line.
Okay. I have to go.
If he moves. you shoot him.
[sirens blaring]
[footsteps tapping]
You should probably be
sitting down for this.
- Oh. yeah?
- [Link] Yeah.
[chair rattles]
- [phone beeps]
- Go ahead.
[Amy] Hi. Mason.
[bright music]
- Amy?
- Yeah.
How are you?
Doing pretty good.
you know. considering.
[bright music continues]
No. that's a lie.
It's. it's. you know.
pretty crappy to be honest.
But now that I hear
your voice not. not bad.
- Y-you sound really good.
- Thank you.
I-- I've been busting my
ass with this fieldwork.
Oh. yeah?
How's that going?
Good. they promoted me
to the special unit.
Really? Well. that's good.
I'm happy for you.
Couldn't happen
to a better person.
So. uh. I gotta ask.
FBI throwing this party?
Yeah. you're not wrong.
Of course they got you.
Cars were here quick. huh?
You had a head start.
[Amy] Yeah. we picked up
on the white chatter
a couple weeks back.
Oh. of course. Shawn.
Sloppy.
[Amy] I. I'm sure
he was just trying
to help you in his own way.
Hey. Amy. I'm.
I'm happy it's you.
Uh. I couldn't help but notice
that your inside
surveillance is dark.
Link did an excellent
job controlling
the seats on your perimeter.
Well. she's the best. isn't she?
Um. I guess we should
get down to business.
[Mason] Well. okay.
All right. so this is
the part where you say
that. uh. you've got
everything covered.
The entrance. the exits.
you've got tactical.
you've got snipers. you've
got electronic surveillance.
And I in turn tell you that
I've got a bunch of hostages.
and I don't wanna hurt them.
But. you know. if you bust in.
I gotta do blah.
blah. blah. blah. blah
to each and every one
of them. and what's new?
How many hostages?
[Mason] Twenty-three. if you
include staff and security.
Okay. well. if Anton
is on crowd control.
I'm sure they're in good hands.
Okay. so. uh. I have
a special request.
[Amy] Okay. shoot.
I'll do my best.
I need 50 feet.
- 50 feet?
- 50 feet.
Why 50 feet?
I mean. that's new.
Oh. I don't know. Amy.
I guess I'm feeling
kind of claustrophobic.
Sides. front of the
building. everyone back.
cops. tacticals. everyone.
Oh. and include the sidewalk.
- [dramatic music]
- [sirens blaring]
You know how I get
when I'm in a corner.
[Link] What do you
think she's doing?
[chuckles] She's trying
to figure out 50 feet.
[dramatic music continues]
[Link] She doesn't look that
comfortable in that suit.
It's not her.
[Mason] Nah. it's not bad.
I kinda like it.
Oh. she looks good.
Oh. she looks great.
And she's got that little
confidence bump in her voice.
Like when she beats you at pool?
No. she never beat me a pool.
But [sighs] she's really doing
well for herself. isn't she?
[chuckles] Wow.
[dramatic music continues]
Captain. I'm gonna need a
360 sweep of the perimeter.
All right.
I'll let you negotiate.
but I'm still in charge
of this operation.
And I will let you
keep that narrative
as long as you do what I say.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[suspenseful music]
Sniper 3 in position. 52 feet.
[suspenseful music continues]
[clears throat] So nothing
in the 50-foot range.
Not nothing.
There's gotta be something or
he wouldn't have asked for it.
All right. there's a
protocol that we follow here.
trade-offs. escalation.
sweat equity.
We make one hour feel like 10.
Then when the sun drops.
we drill hard.
I am aware of the
protocol and so is he.
If you don't think that Mason
is one step ahead of us.
you're a fool.
Mason is a wolf.
He will chew his leg off
to get out of a trap.
Yeah. you and him are
pretty intimate. yeah?
How do I know you're
not helping him?
Why should I trust you?
It is not important
if you trust me.
It's important that
you're superiors do.
Turn that up. please.
I've exclusively
learned the identity
of one of the
alleged bank robbers.
and it's none other than
Mason Andrew Goddard.
My sources confirm
he is the notorious
international criminal.
the Ace of Spades.
Okay. we got black
coffee with ice.
Would you like a. uh.
creamer with that?
We got hazelnut.
We've got vanilla.
Ugh. gross.
That's a joke. right?
What's happening?
The tactical team looks serious.
- Oh. yeah.
- You're not worried?
Nah. that's what
she wants us to be.
worried so we make a
mistake and slip up.
Okay. If there's a decoy box.
there's a hidden account.
I need you to find it.
And what we should
be doing is looking
for our escape route.
No. no. no. That's
what she wants. okay?
We just have to keep
one step ahead of her.
[radio crackling]
Yeah. yeah.
Okay. I'll be right there.
Now listen.
don't overthink this.
Okay? I'll buy you as
much time as you need.
[suspenseful music]
Whoo!
[Anton] That's it.
Everybody on me. on me.
[suspenseful music continues]
Look down. Stay to the
right of that wall.
[Hector] Let's pick
up the pace. people!
Come on. Let's move!
Let's go!
Face down.
Don't look at me. man.
[Hector] Keep your eyes forward!
[footsteps stomping]
Yeah. we're clear here.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Anton] Everybody
get comfortable.
We gonna figure out some
food and drinks in a minute.
Get to know each other. relax.
Consider this a vacation
from your busy lives. folks.
- What do you need?
- Food and drinks.
All right.
Me and Hector got this
whole room under control.
- Ain't that right. Hec?
- Yes. sir!
[suspenseful music continues]
All right. just so you know.
there is a plan.
You the boss.
[suspenseful music continues]
[birds chirping]
Are you sure we can't
find something visual?
Just maybe an old security
camera in the lobby?
I mean. anything.
She locked it all down tight.
Landlines. feeds. everything.
She's a pro.
Yeah. I know.
Mossad outsourced her.
All right.
There's 23 hostages.
All of them were smart devices.
But you know. Anton didn't
let them keep any of them on.
But a tech with your skills
could probably turn
one back on remotely.
Yes?
Uh. okay.
Got something here.
One second.
[gentle music]
Wait. is that spa music?
Wow.
[gentle music]
Brilliant.
[zipper rasps]
[telephone ringing]
Command trailer.
It's for you.
[button beeping]
That spa music was a nice touch.
So you can remotely control
someone's personal device.
Isn't that illegal. Amy?
It's a gray area.
Hmm. Can't help but
notice the buildup.
[Amy] Yeah. the
troops are getting antsy.
Hmm. Yeah. well. we're
antsy in here. too.
Okay. I got a request for you.
That's not fair.
I gave you 50 feet.
you haven't
given me anything.
Nobody's hurt. that's fair.
What do you want?
I want two dozen pizzas.
A mixed variety.
And a Hawaiian for Shawn.
And then for drinks.
let's just do a mix of sodas.
some water. maybe an
apple juice for the kid.
and beer for me.
In under 30 minutes.
- Anything else?
- Yes.
I want you to deliver it.
Alone.
On the steps.
Timer started.
And don't forget the beer.
Beer? Don't you think that's
a little premature?
Have some faith in me. will you?
And I'll see you in
under 30 minutes.
[upbeat music]
- [finger snapping]
- [upbeat music]
- Hey. Shawn.
- [Shawn] Yeah?
Check the decoy box. would you?
Look through all the
personal things. like rings.
lockets. whatever.
Just give me any
numbers you find.
Like. any numbers at all.
[upbeat music]
[lid thuds]
[Shawn] You knew this was
a decoy box. didn't you?
We got thousands of customers.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
[Shawn] Yeah. right.
I sense a little tension
between you and your brother.
How do you know he's my brother?
Hey. step back.
- Get back.
- I guessed.
You confirmed it.
You know. I got an
older brother. too.
Bossy.
I simply detest the holiday
get-togethers. because of it.
Yeah. no matter
what I say or do.
he's always got a one-up me.
Yeah. Mason's not like that.
Treats you like a child.
I mean. this was supposed
to be your big score.
Now look. you're
relegated to holding
the bank manager hostage.
I fucked up. I deserve it.
Well. is that what
he makes you think?
Enough! You don't know what the
fuck you're talking about.
all right. bro?
Step the fuck back.
Hey. Link?
[Link] Have anything yet?
I think I found your number.
[suspenseful music]
About 24 hostages at this time.
and we're still waiting
for the initial hostages
to be released.
but at this point.
we don't know how
long it's gonna take.
[upbeat music]
Oop. Here she comes.
- [gentle upbeat music]
- [birds chirping]
[gentle upbeat music]
- [Amy exhales sharply]
- [gentle upbeat music]
Hi there.
Hi.
I'd invite you in. but uh.
a lot of people watching.
There's that. yeah.
Uh. how many crosshairs
am I in right now?
Uh. I'd say about 12.
Hmm. big turnout.
- I know. right?
- Yeah.
You're a popular guy.
Hey. I'm sorry about turning you
into the pizza delivery girl.
but it's the only way
I could do a face-to-face.
you know. just you
and me and of course.
everybody else. but...
So. um. I'm gonna
need two hostages.
non-negotiable. give to get.
Okay.
And then after that.
two every hour.
All right. fine.
You're not even gonna counter?
Why? It's a good. fair deal.
You working out?
Uh. uh. I mean. a. a little bit.
I-- I think it's
just the fieldwork.
You know what would be cool?
If. um. after all this is over.
we went to our
private little island
and you know. the one with the
fishing dock and the garden?
I just don't want
anyone to get hurt.
No. you don't have
to worry about that.
But this isn't gonna end well.
Well. maybe. maybe not.
Look. at some point. the
gloves are gonna come off.
and people are gonna get hurt.
Okay. well. first of
all. I did not plan this.
This is Shawn. okay?
And I'm just here
to bail him out.
After what happened with us.
I-- I retired. just so you know.
So just turn yourself in now.
I can't do that.
We'd all go to prison.
Well. it beats dying in
a hailstorm of bullets.
I know about that.
My dad died in prison.
I think he would've
chosen the hailstorm.
I need my two hostages.
And I need my pizza.
[gentle music]
- [shoes clacking]
- [gentle music]
All right. pizzas. pizza. man.
Let's go.
Cold or hot. eat it.
Just put it in your damn
stomach and shut up.
[upbeat music]
- Honey. you wanna go home?
- [woman] Please.
[gentle music]
- [shoes clacking]
- [gentle music]
[overlapping news chattering]
[Reporter] ...that two of the
hostages have been released.
[Reporter 2] Two hostages
have been released.
- Negotiators are...
- [overlapping news chattering]
Okay. what do you got?
So. I threw 2-1-3-4
into the algorithm.
and you're never
gonna believe this.
[laughs] Oh. you gotta match.
Yes. to Isabelle Pharoah.
Of course. it's dark.
standard web security stuff.
but you know. without the
number. you won't find the name.
- Yeah. yeah. this is good.
- Yeah.
Shawn. this is good.
Just. just find the box 2-1-3-4.
[Shawn] I'm telling you.
there is no 2-1-3-4 here.
All the boxes begin with one.
Okay. you know what?
I-- I think it's time for me
to have a little talk
with Mr. Manager.
Yep. yep. yep.
yep. yep. yep. yep.
[gentle music]
[pistol thuds]
[suspenseful music]
- [hand thuds]
- [suspenseful music]
[Link] Boss. we got a
problem in the vault.
- [upbeat music]
- [shoes clacking]
Shawn?
What the fuck's going on?
Where did he go?
He bolted.
- Where's your gun?
- He took it.
When have I ever
shot anybody. Mason?
Well. I'm not talking
about in the head.
Oh. get up.
The leg or the arm or something.
- [upbeat music]
- [shoes clacking]
[Mason] Link. heads up.
We need a full lockdown.
Roll back the
surveillance on the vault.
I'm already on it.
- [upbeat music]
- [shoes clacking]
Lost him in the free elevator.
He's heading to the
roof and he's armed.
Proceed with caution.
- [suspenseful music]
- [shoes clacking]
- [gate rattling]
- [gate thuds]
[suspenseful music]
You're gonna hold this
against me. aren't you?
I'm not saying anything.
That's a yes.
[gentle music]
[upbeat music]
[upbeat music continues]
- [Mason] Link. lights on.
- [upbeat music]
[suspenseful music]
- [panting]
- [suspenseful music]
- Shawn.
- [upbeat music]
[upbeat music]
Link. southeast door. lock it.
[suspenseful music]
- [doorknob rattles]
- [suspenseful music]
Well. that was invigorating.
Drop the gun.
Drop the fucking gun.
I'm not Shawn. are you sure?
[grunts]
All right.
Take us to security box 2-1-3-4.
[breathing deeply]
It's not a box.
Very few people know that
the building next door
is part of the bank.
It's for our special accounts.
It's location is a secret
even to the account
holders themselves.
so they can't be blackmailed.
Okay. so how do
we get over there?
You walk down the sidewalk.
Okay.
You're gonna find another
way for us to get there.
Please. I'm begging you.
Abandon this now
while you still can.
I-- I got a family.
We-- we don't want to hurt you.
All we want is this
woman's crypto account.
That's it.
You don't know who
you're dealing with.
When he finds out
what's happening.
he's gonna kill everybody
in this building
to protect that account.
Who?
Abel Salazar.
[suspenseful music]
Really?
The-- the Abel Salazar?
The billionaire who
funded all those coups.
toppled three governments?
Yeah.
And his mistress
is Isabelle Pharoah.
[suspenseful music]
- We're dead.
- [Shawn] I'm not following.
It's a dirt box.
It's-- it's-- it's the most
powerful people in the world
have their dirty little
secrets in there.
And I'm telling you.
it's the most serious
leverage imaginable.
How do you know there's
real dirt in there?
Because nobody bothers
to go to this level
of hiding things unless
it's all fucked up.
And that-that decoy
with the mistress.
I don't know why the fuck
they trusted this guy with it.
for God's sakes.
And look at this.
Our fan base is big.
but not that big.
Oh. man.
If. if I'm wrong. we're dead.
And if I'm right.
we call the shots.
And we get the crypto.
[Link] We're gonna
need the schematics.
Schematics?
You have the schematics.
You do.
[Caras]
Yes. in our system. we do.
[suspenseful music]
[police chattering]
- [car engine revving]
- [suspenseful music]
- [door thuds]
[people speaking indistinctly]
- [shoes clacking]
[suspenseful music]
- [Mr. Flowers] Agent Decker.
- Who's asking?
I'd like to speak with you.
So talk.
Alone. please.
I'll be back.
Remind me again.
You are?
Mr. Flowers.
My client has a
personal interest
in this particular
establishment and uh. well.
he's concerned.
Who's your client?
Your superior knows who he is.
Well. there's no
need to be concerned.
I have everything under control.
Is there some reason you haven't
breached the building yet?
Yeah. they've been returning
hostages on schedule.
No one's been hurt.
I have no reason to.
My client's only concern is
the security of his property.
No one is getting
out of that building
with your client's property.
Perhaps you don't get
my gist. Agent Decker.
Secure this establishment now
or there will be an avalanche.
And as you're aware.
avalanches are about gravity.
You either get outta the
way or you get buried alive.
Why don't you make a call to
Agent Richter if you have to?
Have him provide you
a little more context.
But please. for your sake.
don't take too long.
- [shoes clacking]
- [suspenseful music]
- Let's go.
Link. speak up.
Where. where do we go?
- Straight ahead.
- Straight ahead. go.
- Then what?
- [Link] Second pole.
take a left.
Second pole. make a left.
Go ahead.
[Link] All right.
On the far wall that's your end
to the neighboring building.
X marks the spot.
- This it?
- Yeah.
- Link?
Okay. it's plastic.
What do you got?
- It's drywall. I got my mallet.
- Good.
See. I bet you're glad I
brought my equipment now. huh?
I'm very. very proud of you now.
Now. let's go.
- Okay. stand back.
- Okay.
I won't let you down. I promise.
[Mason] I know. I know.
Just do it.
[hammer banging]
Get in.
Go ahead.
- [bag thuds]
- You're next.
- Come on.
- Yeah. coming. [grunts]
Shit.
It's a fucking brick wall.
Link. what do we do with this?
[Anton] Yo. boss.
it's time for the hostages.
Shawn. get your gun out.
You get in the corner.
Right now.
Now listen. he moves.
you fucking shoot him.
- Okay?
- Yeah. okay.
I'm not kidding.
I'll be right back.
Hostage coming out!
Go ahead. Go.
Go.
[door thuds]
Anton.
- Yeah. Chief.
- I need two more.
Who are the medication people?
You. come. Now.
Let's go. let's go.
- Yo. get up. get up. get up.
- Come on.
Quick. quick.
Okay. who's next on the list?
Two college girls
with the final exams.
[Mason] Okay. bring
'em. bring 'em.
- Get 'em.
- Let's go. Come on.
Quicker. move.
[suspenseful music]
- Two more coming out!
- [Officer] Hold your fire.
Two more coming out.
[suspenseful music]
Through this way.
Let's go. let's go.
DRD in position.
Get 'em over to medical.
Eyes on the engine.
Coming through.
- [hammer thudding]
- [Shawn grunting]
[suspenseful music]
Okay.
[Shawn panting]
- [hammer thudding]
- [cement crashing]
[suspenseful music]
- [Mason] Let's go.
- Okay. I'm going. I'm going.
[men panting]
Ah.
Woo.
[suspenseful music]
Look. you gotta
tell me something.
Who else have you ever
talked to about this?
Who told you about this job?
You remember my
friend Al from L.A.?
He's a good guy.
You met him before.
Yeah. Al's the one who was in
San Quentin for 10 years. yes?
Yeah. hey. he must have got out.
Why are you interrogating
me about this?
[Mason] Oh. God. I gotta
make a call. keep digging.
- [college girl]
Hey. are you Decker?
- Yeah.
Um. he asked me to
give this to you.
He-- he said it was plan B.
Thank you.
- [cell phone ringing]
- Hey.
Amy. I knew you were ruthless.
but not this ruthless.
What are you talking about?
You used Al to
get to my brother.
Al?
Yes. you got him
outta prison early.
Then he talked my
brother into this gig.
[Amy] That is not
what's happening.
Then why this box?
Amy. this box.
You want to get us all killed?
No. of course not.
Mason. I've been honest
with you this entire time.
Oh. really. how about Miami?
Was it. was that real?
Yes. I mean. most of it.
Obviously not the job part.
but the rest of it. yes.
[Mason] And how about now?
[sighs] Mason. I swear to you.
I don't know anything
about this box.
[Mason] Oh. you don't know that.
that this was Salazar's
mistress' box?
You didn't know that?
[suspenseful music]
Abel Salazar?
Yes. yes. you directed it
right to. right to his dirt box.
[Amy] Okay. I'm gonna have
to call you right back.
[suspenseful music]
Oh. fuck.
- [telephone ringing]
- Decker.
You set them up and
you used me to do it.
If I had told you everything.
would you have gone
through with it?
No. no. of course not.
Exactly. my point has been made.
What is in the box?
Hold on.
[folks chattering]
I am not at liberty to
divulge that information
at this point in time.
but what I can tell you
is that it's much bigger
than you can imagine.
Okay. if this is so big.
then why didn't we
just confiscate it?
[Decker] Salazar's lawyers
are the best.
As soon as they would've
found out that we knew.
they would've blocked
all legal channels.
and the box would've
magically disappeared.
Vern. Salazar's liaison
contacted me. Mr. Flowers.
They are not messing around.
They wanna kill all of them.
[Decker] Let's just hope
it doesn't get to that.
But can you just shorten
his leash a little?
Give me some time!
Unfortunately. that
time's already passed.
Mr. Salazar's already
already gone over my head.
How can that be?
The fucking corrupt CIA.
They've activated joint
special operations.
This will be under military
jurisdiction by nightfall.
[suspenseful music]
- [Amy grunts]
- [phone thuds]
- [helicopters whirring]
- [suspenseful music]
Link. where we going?
[Link] Straight ahead.
follow the corridor 20 meters.
[Mason] Go straight.
[suspenseful music]
[Officer] Now we checked up
the road here. Sarge!
[indistinct radio chatter]
[suspenseful music]
[Mason] Right.
[Mason] Okay. straight. straight.
Come on. come on.
[suspenseful music]
[Shawn] This is the wall. Here.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- [hammer thudding]
- [cement crashing]
[suspenseful music]
That's right.
- [hammer thudding]
- [cement crashing]
All right. keep going.
keep going.
[drill whirring]
What do we got?
It's a steel plate
in the middle.
It's gonna take
a while to drill.
Can we use a C4?
No. no. that's too
much attention.
You got the cobalt drill?
- Yeah.
- Use that.
[suspenseful music]
- [siren blaring]
- [suspenseful music]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
[telephone ringing]
What do you got?
They're taking over. JSOC.
I can try to stall them.
but Salazar went over
everybody's head.
Special Ops. huh?
[Amy] Yes. but it is not worth
losing your life over.
I mean. turn yourself in
while I still have
power to protect you.
Let me be your plan B. be smart.
When have I ever been smart?
Just let me know
how I can help you.
You can contact all your
media buddies. make 'em sweat.
I can try. I mean. it's gonna
take some time.
I-- I can't make any promises.
Oh. I believe in you.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [suspenseful music]
[keyboard keys clicking]
Um. Mason?
Commander Cyrus. JSOC.
Commander Cyrus. they are
still releasing hostages.
This has been a
peaceful transaction.
The FBI has conceded
their authority.
and this operation is
under my jurisdiction now.
Sit tight. I should have this
wrapped up inside the hour.
Connect me to the
bank's main line.
[JSOC Operator] You got it. sir.
You're welcome to stay.
but just get out of our way.
[keyboard keys clicking]
Go.
Whoever you are.
you're too damn close.
My name is Cyrus.
Commander Special Ops.
Conciliation is no
longer an option.
and negotiations are over.
Am I making myself clear?
Special Ops. whoa. we really
hit a nerve here. didn't we?
You're going to release
the remaining hostages.
They will exit the
bank in a single file.
And whenever I give the signal.
you and your crew will follow.
hands in the air.
Hands in the air?
Well. how are we supposed
to put hands in the air.
and-- and push a--
a wheelbarrow?
Wheelbarrow?
[Mason] Yeah. a wheelbarrow
full of all the--
the dirt that we found.
That's why you're here.
aren't you.
because Salazar
pulled some strings?
Leave everything inside the bank
exactly where you found it.
In precisely 15 minutes from
the second that this call ends.
we are coming in with
extreme prejudice.
Okay. I'm not the
smartest guy in the world.
but I know a threat
when I hear one.
So this is my counter to you.
Okay. do you have a pen?
Okay. good. are.
are you listening?
Good. okay. first word. fuck.
Second word. you.
You'll regret that.
Not as much as Salazar.
Check your six o'clock.
[suspenseful music]
Well. there you have it. folks.
This is Jennifer Tish with the
Channel 13 News. stay tuned.
[indistinct chatter]
Hello. folks.
we're live downtown.
There has been an escalation
of police presence.
Tensions are growing.
[Mason] Wow. wow. boy. old
Sal won't like that.
[chuckles] I hope you brought
enough popcorn for all of us.
The timer begins now.
Okay.
- [indistinct chatter]
- [suspenseful music]
[cement crashing]
[suspenseful music]
Look at this.
Wow [chuckles]. amazing.
[suspenseful music]
Wow.
Link. we need you
down here right away.
[suspenseful music]
So proud of you.
- [chuckles] Yeah. right.
- I really am.
Come on. let's go.
[suspenseful music]
One more thing before y'all go.
Seriously. you guys
has been the best.
I mean. the best hostages
I ever had the pleasure
of working with.
It's been a honor.
I'd like to say thank you.
Anything you wanna add. Hec?
Nah. you covered it. homeboy.
Let's get 'em out.
Let's go. come on!
Two at a time!
Clear it out!
Hostages coming out!
[Anton] We got more coming out.
Let's go. come on. come on!
Keep it moving!
Let's go!
Two more coming out.
Come on. get your
little midget ass
out here. motherfucker!
Let's go. Jheri Curl.
motherfucker!
Got two more coming out!
Move. move!
Last two rent-a-cops.
last two rent-a-cops!
Let's go. come on!
Atta girl. there you go.
- There you go.
- Hold fire!
- [Caras mumbling]
- [suspenseful music]
81.
Ah. 81. 81. 81. 81. 81.
There it is.
[suspenseful music]
It's a hard drive.
That's it?
This is Mr. Salazar's
personal drive. correct.
Is the crypto wallet in there?
[suspenseful music]
No. Shawn. this is a
private server farm.
a private cloud for the elite.
Okay. we gotta upload
this right away.
- How long will it take?
- Um. 10 minutes.
We don't have 10 minutes.
Let's go. let's do it.
I'm on it.
[suspenseful music]
My family's lives are
in your hands now.
- [suspenseful music]
- [laptop beeping]
[telephone ringing]
- [Mason] Hey.
- Hey.
Hey. listen. um.
I got one last request.
[Amy] I'm listening.
When this is all over.
take care of my crew.
Make sure that they're
in FBI custody.
I'm sorry. I-- I can't.
I can't do that.
[sighs] They've
leapfrogged my authority.
Come on. you're smarter than me.
You'll think of something.
You said... "my crew."
What about you?
I'm just gonna wait for you
and meet you at the island.
share a bucket of beer.
talk about nothing. [chuckles]
Yeah. I'd really like that.
I need the name of that--
that man who approached
you from Salazar.
What was his name?
Mr. Flowers.
Oh. that's a cute name.
That's what he gave me.
Okay. Amy. take care of my
crew and take care of yourself.
[indistinct chatter]
[siren blares]
[sighs]
- [footsteps tapping]
- [suspenseful music]
- [engine humming]
Standby. all clear.
resuming operations.
[suspenseful music]
That's it. you the last one.
Mr. Caras. you ready?
[suspenseful music]
Hostage coming out. last one!
Let's go.
[suspenseful music]
- [indistinct chatter]
- [suspenseful music]
[Special Ops Officer]
Hold your fire!
Hostage coming out!
He's coming out. move. move!
- [indistinct chatter]
- [suspenseful music]
- [keyboard keys clicking]
About five minutes.
[Mason] Just give me a minute.
Okay. we're gonna do
this one at a time.
You know the dance.
your hands up in the air.
Don't do any sudden movements.
And play the cameras.
'cause I need all
the time I can get.
Stretch it out.
Okay. so who wants to be first?
I'll go.
Okay.
All right. brother.
Be safe out there. Hec.
You're a real one.
I'll be all right.
All right. fellas.
[footsteps tapping]
- [indistinct radio chatter]
- Coming out!
[Special Ops Officer]
Both hands. both hands!
Let me see your hands.
both of 'em!
Turn around and
face the building!
Face the building!
Start walking backwards
to the sound of my voice!
Keep coming!
[suspenseful music]
Get on your knees now!
- [indistinct radio chatter]
- [suspenseful music]
Guess I'm next.
Shawn.
This is it.
It's been a hell
of a ride. Chief.
Proud to be in this gang.
You take care of
yourself. Anton.
[Anton] You know it.
[exhales deeply]
Damn.
[Anton] Coming out.
don't shoot me. man!
Coming out!
[Special Ops Officer]
Let's see your hands!
- Both of 'em. both hands!
- [Anton] All right!
[Special Ops Officer]
Step out. face the building!
[indistinct radio chatter]
Keep coming.
go down to your knees!
Down to your knees!
[indistinct radio chatter]
[Shawn groans]
I'm so sorry about all of this.
I know.
I can't believe I
got played so bad.
Well. happens to the best of us.
Hmm. ever since Dad went
away. you're all I have.
You're the world to me.
I hated seeing you so down.
This is the most alive I've
seen you in a long time.
- I love you. bro.
- I love you. too.
[suspenseful music]
Okay. all right.
you take care of yourself.
- You hear me?
- [Shawn] Mm-hmm.
I'll see you on the other side.
[Shawn] Coming out!
- Coming out!
- Both hands!
Both hands. both of 'em!
Both hands!
Turn around and
face the building!
Do it now!
[suspenseful music]
Walk back to the
sound of my voice!
Keep walking!
Take two steps to your right!
Keep coming. keep coming!
[suspenseful music]
Stop. go down to your knees!
Do not move!
Cuff him!
Link.
It's just you and me now.
What's the time?
Three minutes.
You got it.
[suspenseful music]
[Shawn] Fuck this. dude.
Where is Mason?
He's inside.
he's the last one out.
[suspenseful music]
Enough of this shit!
We're going in!
Go. go. go!
[intense rock music]
♪ It's game time ♪
[canister crashes]
[intense rock music]
♪ We're goin' in ♪
♪ Game time. get your game on ♪
♪ Full metal jacket ♪
♪ Bring the flavor
like it's A1 ♪
♪ Fly with the flame on ♪
♪ Flame on. true to the play
ever since day one. game on ♪
♪ True to the play ever
since day one. game on ♪
♪ Keep it on the
real until we die ♪
♪ Yeah. it's game on ♪
[Special Ops Officer]
Move. move!
♪ First things first ♪
♪ Don't stop the
beast on the clock ♪
♪ Peace on the block ♪
♪ The respect is locked ♪
♪ See me when you see me ♪
♪ Reach for the top ♪
♪ Catchin' bodies on the
way each outlined in chalk ♪
♪ Every day another
crime scene ♪
♪ Even in the dark I still
see ya with the high beams ♪
♪ Game on. beside me ♪
♪ They all around me ♪
♪ We like wanna get rowdy ♪
♪ Beat it. then we out here ♪
♪ Every city. every
state. flame on ♪
♪ Representing every county.
every city. every state ♪
♪ Ain't got a
damn thing on me ♪
♪ It's gonna be faster.
I'm faster. I'm faster ♪
♪ Then I bring the rapture ♪
♪ The capture for 100 grand ♪
♪ I'm the master of this tool ♪
♪ Like a one-man band ♪
♪ Wrapping that cash
with a rubber band ♪
♪ Did I start the match ♪
♪ I'm going hard.
it's flame on ♪
♪ Full metal jacket ♪
♪ Bring the flavor
like it's A1 ♪
♪ Fly with the A. y'all ♪
♪ Flame on. true to the play
ever since day one. game on ♪
[Special Ops Officer]
Ready. fire in the hole!
[explosive blasts]
Clear!
♪ Ever since day one. game on ♪
♪ Keep it on the
real until we die ♪
♪ Yeah. it's game on ♪
[door thuds]
[Officer] Quick. quick.
- What do you mean empty?
- [radio static hissing]
[Officer 2]
There's no one here. sir.
- We've cleared every room.
- [inhales sharply]
There are two targets
unaccounted for.
Find them!
[dramatic music]
Whoops. you caught me.
Get down on the ground!
Oh. no.
I need to speak to Mr. Flowers.
This is your last warning.
And this is yours.
[explosion booms]
[people clamoring]
[Officer]
Get back. stand back.
- [people shouting]
- [Hector] Fuck was that?
[Anton] The place blew. man.
Chief still in there?
[car sires wailing]
[indistinct people shouting]
[soft tense music]
[Decker] I am
sorry about Mason.
[Amy] So am I.
You should've told me.
[Decker] You know the job.
Well. you called
me in here for some reason.
The dirt box.
they never found it.
Hmm.
Then there's the bodies.
Also never found.
His brother Shawn.
and Anton and Hector. can't seem
to find them in the system.
They just vanished off the grid.
Is there something
you're not telling me?
♪ You said. "Sing me a
song and sing it loud ♪
♪ Wear me a dress and
let me take it off." ♪
♪ Another pose for the room ♪
♪ You said. "Bake me a
cake and leave it out ♪
♪ Take me away in
your Cadillac" ♪
♪ Another pose for the road ♪
♪ By now I wonder how to ♪
♪ Find the time to
ever please you ♪
♪ Are we just too
far from love ♪
♪ Will it ever be soul enough ♪
♪ Will it ever real enough ♪
♪ Will it ever be
enough for you. babe ♪
[Amy] Nice place.
Thanks.
Want a beer?
Love one.
Hmm.
How long are you gonna
keep me in suspense?
What do you want to know?
Oh. gosh. I don't know.
Maybe...
the part where you died.
- Okay.
- [Amy] Hmm.
Ah.
[chuckles] Whoa.
Mr. Flowers.
I love the name.
Okay. you know how this works.
You have to meet our demands
or the whole content
of that hard drive
gets released immediately.
Doesn't matter if
we're dead or in jail.
Same thing.
- What are your demands?
- Okay. good.
So the first is I want my
crew released immediately.
Um. I want identities
for all of us. new ones.
And $10 million in
each of our accounts.
I'll get you those details.
A million dollars for Mr. Caras
and maybe 1 million for
each of the hostages.
That's it.
What's our guarantee that
the dirt box stays buried?
Oh. uh. [scoffs] my word.
You don't have a choice.
[Mr. Flowers sighs]
Oh. good man.
How should we proceed?
Well. I think first we
should blow up that C4
and uh. fake our deaths.
and take it from there.
[sighs]
Wow.
And I thought I was ruthless.
Well. guy's got to do his job.
So where does that leave us?
Right back at the beginning.
See. I told you she'd come.
[Amy chuckles]
Hi. Shawn.
Great to see you.
Hey. Amy.
Yeah. Shawn. uh. Shawn bought
the property next door.
I'm working on my swimming.
Yes. I-- I can see that.
- Want to join me?
- Uh. maybe later.
[Mason chuckles]
Isn't it funny that
greatest score ever
was as a result of my kid
brother's incompetence?
I think it's perfect.
I do. too.
[Amy chuckles]
You know what this place needs?
A garden.
Oh. yes. darling.
with strawberries.
Yeah.
Darling.
[Amy chuckles]
♪ You move like midnight ♪
♪ Slow. steady. slow ♪
♪ Somewhere in the moonlight ♪
♪ He's gonna steal it all ♪
♪ Get a hint of a whisper ♪
♪ Nothing more to say ♪
[indistinct lyrics]
♪ To take your soul ♪
♪ And lift you higher ♪
♪ So you can go ♪
[indistinct lyrics]
♪ And what you say ♪
♪ And take away everything ♪
♪ Live for deception ♪
♪ Twisting every truth ♪
♪ Hide from the light of day ♪
♪ Branding every move ♪
♪ You get a glimpse
in the shadow ♪
♪ It only fades away ♪
♪ Are you a good villain ♪
♪ Got a one million ways
to make you mad ♪
♪ Say are you a good villain ♪
♪ Got a one million ways
to make you mad ♪
♪ You're under fire ♪
♪ To take your soul ♪
♪ And lift you higher.
so you can go ♪
♪ And get you drunk ♪
♪ And what you say ♪
♪ And take away everything ♪
♪ Wooh. wooh ♪
♪ He a good villain.
got a one-man list ♪
♪ To make it three ♪
♪ He a good villain.
got a one-man list ♪
♪ To make it three ♪
♪ Said he a good villain.
got a one-man list ♪
♪ To make it four ♪
♪ You're under fire ♪
♪ To take your soul ♪
♪ And lift you higher.
so you can go ♪
♪ And get you drunk ♪
♪ And what you say ♪
♪ And take away everything ♪
♪ Oh. and get you driving ♪
♪ And watch you sleep ♪
♪ And take away everything ♪
[music stops]
[soft instrumental music plays]